Task 1
Using frames as a method of knowledge representation to describe the following situations:

It is known that students, as a group of individuals, are going on a tourist trip. Information about the students is provided in the form of a table (Table 1):
Table 1.
Information about students
Name Institute Course Dormitory No.
Petro ICTA IV 3
Homa ICNI III 4
Tamara ICNI II 4
Olha ICTA IV 5
Taras IESK I 3
Lesia ITRE II 5
Write a program that contains facts "studies/3" and "resides/2" based on the provided data. Supplement the program with the "knows/2" procedure, under which a certain student knows another if they are studying in the same course and at the same faculty or residing in the same dormitory. Take into account that a person cannot know themselves.
Organize queries to the created set of program phrases:
Does a specific person study at a specific institute and course?
Who studies at a specific institute and course?
Does a specific person reside in a specific dormitory?
Which students of which institutes reside in a specific dormitory?
Does one specific person know another specific person?
Which individuals know each other?
Can it be said that a specific person is known by someone?
Which individuals know each other and study at different institutes?
Which individuals study at ICTA or reside in Dormitory No. 3?
Task 2
Supplement the program's database with the fact that the tourist group includes a teacher, Viktor, who conducts classes in the IESK first year course and resides in Dormitory No. 3. Modify the database to be able to answer the question about whether a person is a student or a teacher. Modify the "knows/2" rule so that it considers that a student and a teacher know each other if the teacher conducts classes on the same course as the student or they reside in the same dormitory. Execute queries to the modified program:

Is a specific person a teacher or a student?
Whom does a specific person know?
Who resides in a specific dormitory?
Whom among those who are on the IV course does Viktor know?
